v2.66 CP page-height pin (the actual whitespace fix)

User pushed back on v2.65 deferring the page-length whitespace bug
pending DevTools measurement. v2.66 ships the fix.

ROOT CAUSE
  .cp-layout .row { align-items: stretch } forced both columns to
  the row's height. Sidebar's default-expanded first group makes it
  ~1000px tall. When main content was shorter, main column stretched
  to match the sidebar - empty void below the actual content.
  Visible across Marketplace governance, App Catalog, Studio Launch,
  Ministry stubs.

FIX
  1. .cp-layout .row { align-items: flex-start } (was stretch).
     Each column at its own content height. Sidebar still has
     align-self: stretch for the dark gradient backdrop.
  2. body.control-plane-shell { height: 100vh; max-height: 100vh;
     min-height: 100vh; overflow: hidden } - was just min-height.
     Tightened so child elements can not push body taller.

WHY THE EXISTING CHAIN WAS NOT ENOUGH
  #cp-main-content { max-height: calc(100vh - 56px); overflow-y:
  auto !important } was already in the CSS, but row-level
  align-items: stretch undermined it - row could grow past body's
  min-height, main column stretched to match sidebar, void below
  content.

WHAT WE STILL DO NOT KNOW
  Whether user's screenshots reflect real browser behavior or full-
  page screenshot tool output. Tools like GoFullPage force document
  to render at full content height by overriding overflow: hidden.
  Real users on real browsers see viewport-height pages with
  internal scroll.

WHAT THIS WILL NOT FIX IF SCREENSHOT TOOL ARTIFACT
  Tools that override CSS still produce long images. The contract
  is correct in CSS; if user wants short screenshots, viewport-only
  capture mode is needed.

SCOPE
  No content shortening for Marketplace / App Catalog / Ministry
  stubs - Wave A patterns from v2.64.1 not applied to those
  templates. If page-height persists after v2.66, content
  shortening is the next layer.

SW bumped to sms-v2.66.0-cp-page-height-pin-no-stretch-2026-05-15.
All 13 architectural CI scanners + documented-baselines green.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 4.7 (1M context) <noreply@anthropic.com>
